Hello Everyone,
Finally the moment has arrived to say goodbye, which is never easy, as every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end and today is my closing time at My Cybage to begin my new journey. Being a first company Cybage always will be special for me and I am not only carrying the learning but also good hearts which always supported me in all aspects.

At the outset, Big Thanks to ‘Sanjay Patwardhan Sir’ and ‘Pushkar Kulkarni Sir’ for always being wind beneath my wings and thanks a lot for believing on me, giving me opportunities, for consistent support, help and kind approach. Also I would like to thank ‘Nilesh Shirode Sir’ for help in every aspect.

With a heavy heart I have to say Good bye to all my friends as well as colleagues who eventually turned out to be my friends and family here. Thank you Komal, Pooja, Shraddha and Nitin for the wonderful time I spent during my sojourn with you all in Cybage. It has been 1.8 yrs. of enriching association with this magnificent organization, as I bid Adieu to you, I would like to express my gratitude for your contribution to my learning and experience here. I have been benefited from every interaction and learnt something new each day and I take back with me over 612 days of enthralling memories. I had never imagined that being at office would be such a medley of work, fun and learning.

One has to march on for the better future and I am no exception to this law of the nature. No doubt parting is quite painful but in a pleasant note, it is quite memorable. Though we never count the number of days we live, but some moment which are captured in our heart will never be trashed like the days which I had spent in Cybage. What else would be my wish rather than to say keep in touch.
All the best to everyone for your future endeavors. God Bless You All 
  
I am reachable at Email: mitujadhav@gmail.com
Mobile No: 9561501309                                     
 


Regards,
Madhumita Jadhav, Software Engineer
Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd. (An ISO 27001 Company)
Pune, India
Phone (O):91-20-66041700, Ext:8409
Fax: 91-20-66041701


